docs: add typescript setup notice (#1586)
openpgpjs/openpgpjs: README.md

To offload cryptographic operations off the main thread, you can implement a Web Worker in your application and load OpenPGP.js from there. For an example Worker implementation, see `test/worker/worker_example.js`.

#### TypeScript

> For typescript support you have to add `@openpgp/web-stream-tools` to your dependencies as well.
> 
> ```sh
> npm install --save openpgp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since TS is not fully integrated in the library, TS-only dependencies are currently listed as `devDependencies`, so to compile the project you’ll need to add `@openpgp/web-stream-tools` manually:

```sh
```

Whether OpenPGP.js is to be installed as dev or not depends on the user's stack. so I'd leave that one out.

npm install --save-dev @openpgp/web-stream-tools
```

> We are relying on types from the `web-stream-tools` package but do not want to put TypeScript only dependencies into our dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice missing or incorrect type definitions, feel free to open a PR.
```
